# Correct answers
In order for the automatic grading to decide if a student's answer is correct, at least one correct answer needs to be specified. The answer(s) fields can be found under the `Answers` tab.

An answer is made up of three parts:
1. The actual answer
2. A grade
3. Optional feedback

It is also possible to specify multiple correct (and partially correct) answers.

## Answer
The first field is the actual answer to the question.

There are two main things to know about an answer:
* The correct answer(s) must be written in LaTeX.
* '*' can be used as a wildcard to match any characters.

### LaTeX
Since the student's answer is based on a WYSIWYG editor, the correct answer(s) must comply with the LaTeX generated by the editor. 

For example, the expression

[[/assets/images/latex_integral.svg|alt=definite integral of x times sin(x squared) from 1 to 2"]]

will be evaluated to
```
\int_1^2x\sin\left(x^2\right)dx
```
by the WYSIWYG editor.

To ease the LaTeX authoring, the WYSIWYG editor might be available from the question editing form at a later stage. However, for now, the LaTeX must be manually authored.

One trick to speed up the authoring process, is to [preview the question](https://github.com/KQMATH/moodle-qtype_shortmath/wiki/Authoring-a-question#question-preview) and use it's WYSIWYG editor. The process is described [here](https://github.com/KQMATH/moodle-qtype_shortmath/wiki/Tips-and-tricks#latex-generation-for-correct-answers).

### Wildcard
'*' can be used as a wildcard to match any characters.

Assume the teacher's correct answer is written as this:
```
2x+*
```

A student response as the following
```
2x+3
```
will be marked as correct.

## Grade
A grade needs to be specified for the answer. This is steps of percentage, ranging from 5% to 100%. It is also possible to specify a wrong/neutral answer, by giving it a grade of "None".
* One of the answers should have a score of 100% so it is possible to get full marks for the question.

## Feedback
The specific feedback is shown to the student after the question is completed. It is optional and can be left blank. However, it is a great way to give tailored feedback to the student. Remember, in addition to correct answers, one may provide feedback for a partially correct or even wrong answer. An example of where this can be especially useful, is when there is a known common misconception or pitfall that a lot of students do struggle with.

## Multiple answers
It is possible to create multiple answers.
To add more answers, click the `[Blanks for 3 More Answers]`button.
* The first matching answer will be used to determine the score and feedback.